d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Operando-AdministrationConsole.dll.config
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Operando-AdministrationConsole.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Operando-AdministrationConsole.pdb
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Owin.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\EntityFramework.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\bin\it\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\obj\Debug\Operando-AdministrationConsole.dll
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\obj\Debug\Operando-AdministrationConsole.pdb
d:\users\stefania\documenti\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operando-AdministrationConsole\Operando-AdministrationConsole\obj\Debug\Operando-AdministrationConsole.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
